README.markdown, before:

# API to access GuardTime services.


Includes GuardTime C API in subdirectory libgt-x.y

How to build:
    npm link
or 
    node-waf configure build test install


Hello world:

    var gt = require('guardtime');

    gt.sign('Hello world!', function(err, ts) {
      if (err)
        throw err;
      gt.verify('Hello world!', ts, function(err, checkflags, props){
        if (err) 
          throw err;
        console.log('All ok; signed by ' + props.location_name + ' at ' + props.registered_time);
      });
    });

For API documentation please see file (/node-guardtime-api.markdown)

For more information about GuardTime Keyless Signature service please go to
http://www.guardtime.com/signatures/technology-overview

As You are already here - this is the essence:
GuardTime service adds hash of your doc to a giant hash tree with globally unique
root value; and regularily publishes this root value in widely witnessed media.
This allows you to prove that your document did exist at certain point of time, you
used certain service endpoint, and this document was not modified ever after.

Needs Node.JS >= 0.4.0; Windows is not supported.

[![build status](https://secure.travis-ci.org/ristik/node-guardtime.png)](http://travis-ci.org/ristik/node-guardtime)

---
Published under Apache license v. 2.0.
Copyright GuardTime AS 2010-2013

Commit message:

more prominent note about Node 0.8.x compatibility

README.markdown, after:

# API to access GuardTime services.


Includes GuardTime C API in subdirectory libgt-x.y

How to build:
    npm link
or 
    node-waf configure build test install


Hello world:

    var gt = require('guardtime');

    gt.sign('Hello world!', function(err, ts) {
      if (err)
        throw err;
      gt.verify('Hello world!', ts, function(err, checkflags, props){
        if (err) 
          throw err;
        console.log('All ok; signed by ' + props.location_name + ' at ' + props.registered_time);
      });
    });

For API documentation please refer to
[node-guardtime-api.markdown](https://github.com/ristik/node-guardtime/blob/master/node-guardtime-api.markdown)

For more information about the GuardTime Keyless Signature service please have a look at
http://www.guardtime.com/signatures/technology-overview

As You are already here - this is the essence:
GuardTime service adds hash of your doc to a giant hash tree with globally unique
root value; and regularily publishes this root value in widely witnessed media.
This allows you to prove that your document did exist at certain point of time, you
used certain service endpoint, and this document was not modified ever after.

Needs Node.JS >= 0.4.0; Windows is not supported.

Note: Node.JS 0.8.x comes with bundled / statically linked OpenSSL library; Our API 
must use exactly the same instance. In order to achieve this either compile 
node 0.8 with system openssl (./configure --shared-openssl && make && sudo make install), 
or compile guardtime API against the OpenSSL copy inside node.js source tree.

[![build status](https://secure.travis-ci.org/ristik/node-guardtime.png)](http://travis-ci.org/ristik/node-guardtime)

---
Published under Apache license v. 2.0.
Copyright GuardTime AS 2010-2013
